My childhood was not easy.
Actually it was a hard one.
All my life I thought and dreamed,
why can't all of us live free?
You're not allowed to express your opinion or to go where you want.
The Jewish can, but you are not allowed because you are an Arab.
I felt angry because of the injustice and animosity.
So I started to say to myself,
I want to take action, I want to push the Jews away.
So I became the leader of a cell that was opposed to the occupation.
Because of this, I was imprisoned from 1985 for four years.
Why?
I had this question on my mind all the time.
Why? Why?
Then something happened that changed my whole life.
The subscription to the Watchtower magazine was made for me.
This is what I had been looking for.
Peace, security, happiness and satisfaction.
These things had been missing since my childhood.
I looked and found them in the truth.
Nothing will stop the bloodshed on the earth.
Nothing but the kingdom.
I maintain my relationship with Jehovah
and hold on to what I learned.
This changed me.
I was raised as a Jew.
We are taught from childhood that we are the chosen nation
that got support of this nation.
But I lived.
I was surrounded by people who hated Arabs.
I remembered people saying the expression that a good Arab is a dead Arab.
There was a saying, if someone comes to kill you, kill him first.
They used to claim that this was a quote from the Bible.
When I learned the truth, all the barriers between us fell down.
For me, this was something that was very refreshing
to know that Jehovah expects us to love everyone.
People from all backgrounds, including Arabs.
Today, I am happy to be in Jehovah's Army
where millions of people belong to Jehovah's Army
and they don't serve to fight other people.
They serve him to save other people's lives
from all the nations and from all sorts of backgrounds.